docs: PD-2174 add new endpoint for inviting users (#62)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Users.md

# Cloud Conformity API Keys API

Below is a list of the available APIs:

- [Get The Current User](#get-the-current-user)
- [Get User Details](#get-user-details)
- [Invite User](#invite-a-user)

## User Privileges

There are 4 possible Cloud Conformity roles. Each role grants different levels of access via the api. The roles are:

- **organisation admin**
- **organisation user with full access to account**
- **organisation user with read-only access to account**
- **organisation user with no access to account**

User access to each endpoint is listed below:

> | Endpoint                                                    | admin | full access user | read-only user | no access user |

Reviewer: This looks so much nicer 👍

}
```

## Invite a User

This endpoint allows you to invite a user to your organisation.

##### Endpoints:

`POST /users`

##### Parameters
- `data`: A JSON object containing the following properties
    - `attributes`: Object containing user attributes.
        - `firstName`: first name of the user, which must be a string
        - `lastName`: last name of the user, which must be a string
        - `email`: email of the user which must be a string
        - `role`: The role which the user is assigned to { ADMIN | USER }
        - `accessList`: **(optional field when for a USER role, not required for ADMIN role)** An array of objects containing access level for an account:
            - `account`: The account id within the organisation, which must be a string
            - `level`: The level of access the user has to the account { NONE | READONLY | FULL }, which must be a string

Please note only accounts (listed inside the `accessList`) in the request will get updated, existing account permissions are retained.
If a new user is invited with the role of `USER` and an `accessList` is not provided, the users level permission for all accounts will default to `NONE` 

> If a user is reinvited with the role of `USER`, the user will maintain the old account level permissions, unless an `accessList` is provided to update the permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user is re-invited with the role of `USER`, the user will maintain the old account level permissions, unless an `accessList` is provided to update the permissions.
```

Example Request for inviting a user as an ADMIN:

```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
-H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \
-d
'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "Cool",

> 			"lastName": "Claude",

Reviewer: Indentation is incorrect

			"email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com",
			"role": "ADMIN"
        }
    }
}'
\
https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/users/CClqMqknVb
```

Example Response:
```
{
    "data": {
        "type": "users",
        "id": "OhnzPVXY",
        "attributes": {

>             "first-name": "Cool",

Reviewer: Just a note: 
This is one of the things that need to be standardised, as you pass the keys as camel case (`firstName`) but receive it as kebab case (`first-name`). 

This doesn't need to be be changed here but we really should have a standard of how we send and receive data.

            "last-name": "Claude",
            "role": "ADMIN",
            "email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com",
            "status": "INVITED",
            "last-login-date": null,
            "created-date": 1575943588002,
            "has-credentials": false
        },
        "relationships": {
            "organisation": {
                "data": {
                    "type": "organisations",
                    "id": "A9NDYY12z"
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Example request for inviting a user with custom permissions:
```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
-H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \
-d
'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "Cool",
			"lastName": "Claude",
			"email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com",
			"role": "ADMIN",

>             "accessList: {

Reviewer: This should be an array not repeating key, value pairs

Author: good catch didnt realise format was like that, updated to 
```
"accessList: [
                {
                    account: "A9_DsY12z",
                    level: "FULL"
                },
                {
                    account: "BqdYgfas",
                    level: "NONE"
                },
                {
                    account: "kPiASD21",
                    level: "READONLY"
                }
            ]
```

Reviewer 2: And the names, such as `account` should be using speech marks eg `"accounts"`

Reviewer 2: And the names such as `account` should appear in speech marks, for example `"accounts"`

Author: good catch, will update

'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "Cool",
            "lastName": "Claude",
            "role": "ADMIN",
            "email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com"
        }
    }
}'
\
https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/users
```

Example Response:

```
{
    "data": {
        "type": "users",
        "id": "OhnzPVXY",
        "attributes": {
            "first-name": "Cool",
            "last-name": "Claude",
            "role": "ADMIN",
            "email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com",
            "status": "INVITED",
            "last-login-date": null,
            "created-date": 1575943588002,
            "has-credentials": false
        },
        "relationships": {
            "organisation": {
                "data": {
                    "type": "organisations",
                    "id": "A9NDYY12z"
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Example request for inviting a user with custom permissions:

```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
-H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \
-d
'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "Cool",

> 			"lastName": "Claude",

Reviewer: Indentation is still not right

        }
    }
}'
\
https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/users
```

Example Response:

```
{
    "data": {
        "type": "users",
        "id": "OhnzPVXY",
        "attributes": {
            "first-name": "Cool",
            "last-name": "Claude",
            "role": "ADMIN",
            "email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com",
            "status": "INVITED",
            "last-login-date": null,
            "created-date": 1575943588002,
            "has-credentials": false
        },
        "relationships": {
            "organisation": {
                "data": {
                    "type": "organisations",
                    "id": "A9NDYY12z"
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

Example request for inviting a user with custom permissions:

```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \
-H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \
-d
'{
    "data": {
        "attributes": {
            "firstName": "Cool",
            "lastName": "Claude",
            "role": "USER",
            "email": "cc_user@cloudconformity.com",
            "accessList": [
                {

>                     account: "A9_DsY12z",

Reviewer: This is JSON so you need to have the quotes around the keys ie `"account"`

Author: good catch will update

-d '
{
    "data": {

> 		"role": "USER",

Reviewer: Good catch on the quote marks though there is some odd indentation here
